Now you open this video and
see the name of Syria of 4 with a tool
d-25t and either that such and
start fumbling in your memory what
so this is a gun so oh yes it's that
most of which is left earlier in the sixth
kvass level
But on from 4 on tyazhey 10 level and here I
I immediately see two categories in front of me
People first she has the brightest why
Why put this gun on tank 10
I do not know the level however there is a second
category of people who have achieved their
in the comments which described from 425 of
400 strom please show us it and
better let's show you him I than that
do you when you go out in
maternity hospital for your team because on
in fact, from 425 I have seen several times
in random and you know it happened
very cool because always these
the players succumbed for my team one more
a question which is pretty logical
it pops up
why does the gun d-25t have as
choice on a tank of 4
I will answer you because in principle it
the instrument was the only one installed
on this tank, respectively, the gun m-62
there it was never put for the first time
NATO 10th appeared but he from 8
therefore, in principle, people who put
imagine d-25t on
of 4 we'll just think about what
they are very fond of historicity and not know
and reenactors they want everything
It was authentic as it was in history and in
general and skates just going to think
so and so before you go into battle as
would you need to equip this tank in
In principle, I put absolutely everything on
recharge because recharge is
the only thing
what can put us a bit higher by
compared with the top guns that is
recharge I had in area 8
seconds and not this long this and so long on
eighth level 1008 on the tenth level with
alpha 390 and with such a break through it
Of course it's still very bad yes
okay and in order to somehow
compensate for your armor penetration
just charging the corner oh well not full
i'm registered e- ness who
order to amuse you like a district
tenth level I try quickly
but in general, sabreaders were
my main type of shells is still
deliver those players by whom you
you shoot them there is a damage panel and they
see that they are shot with gold on them
absolutely not embarrassed by the fact that in them the remote
from not cumulative but a subcaliber and they to you
write gold shoot
there qqq and so on in general people are nothing
not confused
okay also omit this item come out in
fight and so where do you now have to go
viewing your pros and cons you have
okay at least some kind of recharge okay
do you have at least some reservation
you have almost no armor penetration
In this case, you need to go where
you somehow will not punch and there
where are you going to punch something
accordingly you will just go with
medium tanks
if anything you have to limit it
Perhaps the mass of the mass of the tank is-4 because
that as far as I remember from
4 is the heaviest mass produced
capital and to ng eur
but it kind of hints at the fact that with with
poems you will interaction well so
myself though nonetheless enemy among
tanks you will punch all sorts of 50b
chemists who are really lucky enough
directly booked and do not let at least
one deity you meet on the flank
at least one of the representatives
waffentraguere because but i'm sure
that through the man who took to himself
d-25t on of 4
he naturally will not pass by
opportunity to charge
special
type of shells special type of shells for
waffentragers but you know they are
leave such in on you shoot and even
if they know what instrument you are up against
they fight them i'm sure they will also
know what you shoot
Well, in general, there are more addicted
morality falls than hop and although in fact
In fact, how many there are 530 alpha with a mine
flies away vaffentraguera well with such
recharging you know i would totally
would not want to be in place
none of the representatives of the 7 2 filter
girov nevertheless we cannot but
having some problems they again
same connected with our armor penetration
insofar as e100 but punch
for example 217 armor penetration
which is not very normal
OK, but basically, the question is:
that a decent e100 will not allow you
go into such a projection so you can
cause damage to him it turns out that but no
You can of course ride with this gun
new ones will more likely substitute
not itself necessarily after his team
there should be such a situation in
which is exactly your damage on your part
can be decisive for the whole team
cost a large number of people winning
therefore it is better not to substitute them
all top gun a and of course you
there may be a question of the same earring
damage I managed to keep on it
I had a tank like 2300 not
I remember whether I have a screenshot
because that prize account on which I
rolled he already retired dou prize accounts
there is such a property but overall i doom i
I think you understand what and say just
better put the top gun
even if Article 4 of the instruments to be 25
the object is rather a joke than anything else
their hands on me all the luck while